a2crd(l)          Misc. Reference Manual Pages           a2crd(l)



NAME
     a2crd - attempts the conversion of lyrics  file  into  chord
     input

SYNOPSIS
     a2crd [ options...] [ filename... ]

DESCRIPTION
     a2crd reads the  lyrics  of  one  songs  from  a  file,  and
     attempts to produce a output suitable for chord. Chord names
     can appear above or below  the  lyrics.   a2crd  will  embed
     those names into the lyrics.

     The FAQ list of alt.guitar documents the way  a  ascii  file
     should  look, but this format is not recognized by everyone,
     or fully enforced. Thus, it is impossible  to  modify  chord
     itself  to  read  *any* type of ascii input and produce good
     result. a2crd tries its best to to do the tedious conversion
     job.

     a2crd attempts to recognize mail/news headers, and  comments
     them  out.  It preserves as is any line starting with a '{',
     which would indicates a chord command. It also preserves any
     lines starting with a '#'.

     a2crd prepends to the output the content of  a  file  called
     $HOME/.a2crdsig, if it exists.

     The first line that is not a comment is assumed  to  be  the
     title  of  the  song.  The  nest lines until a blank one are
     assumed to be sub-titles.


OPTIONS
     -r ratio
             Sets the threshold for chord line recognition. a2crd
             looks at every line. If the ratio ( space_characters
             / (non-space_characters) is greater than ratio,  the
             line  will  be  recognized  as a chord line, and its
             content will be merge with the next  available  text
             line.  The  ratio  has  a  initial value of 1. It is
             defined as a floating precision value.

     -D       Prints debugging information. For programmers only.

     -o filename
             Sends output to filename

     chord(l)

COPYRIGHT
     Copyright 1992 by Martin Leclerc and Mario Dorion


AUTHORS
     Martin Leclerc (martin.leclerc@canada.sun.com)
